Sunil Paudel (Sunny)
0413177566 |Email : paudelsunil16@gmail.com| LinkedIn | GitHub | Strathfield, 2135, NSW, Australia
SUMMARY   
A graduate from VU majoring in enterprise application development, and sub-major in ICT. Being equipped with different skill sets in collaborative application development and have experience in exposure to real-world industry challenges. Proficient in coding and problem-solving, particularly when the solutions can be applied to real-world scenarios. Eager to embark on a career as a full-stack developer and dedicating to generating positive outcomes for organisations while maintaining a commitment on continuous self-improvement with a strong passion about learning new technology, creating efficiency, scalable and maintainable software application.    
 
SKILLS   
Programming Language: Typescript, JavaScript, Java, Python, C#, PHP, Kotlin, HTML, CSS
Concept: Object-oriented programming, User story, Unit Testing, Cyber security, Data structures and algorithms, Git, CI/CD
Framework and library: React.js, Adonis.js, Next.js, Express.js.	
Soft Skills: Critical thinking, Problem-solving, Communication, Teamwork, Adaptability, Openness to criticism, Stress management 
Technical skill: Linux, AWS, Vercel, Salesforce, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Node.js, Prisma, GitHub, Copilot, ChatGPT, Technical documentation, Troubleshooting and Diagnosis.

ECA Full stack developer bootcamp | ECA | 2023
React.js Essential Training | LinkedIn | 2024
TypeScript Essential Training | LinkedIn | 2023 
Backend development course | PW skills, India | 2024 
Responsive web designing | Freecodecamp |2022
Data structure and algorithm | Freecodecamp |2023
Fundamental of digital marketing | Google | 2023
 
EXPERIENCE  
Full Stack Developer/DevOps | AUSBIZ CONSULTING | Parramatta | November 2023 – March 2023(active). 
Created a Nextjs frontend application which communicate with Adonisjs backend using REST API.  
Used terminal to setup projects.
Created relational database in AWS RDMS and configure security rules.   
Migrated database, seeded some data to let user choose from specific field keywords.
Used GitHub to work in collaboration with huge team.
Used oath authentication
Created a component to export resume in Google doc based on user input like experiences, projects, contributions and outcomes, skills etc.
Tested the component and successfully exported resume using google API for accessing Drive, creating document and updating the document.
Worked on photo uploading feature to AWS s3 and render it in profile giving user convenience to change their profile picture and successfully completed it.
Team member | Woolworths Group | Mascot | August 2018 – Present (part time)
Provided exceptional customer service, addressing inquiries and resolving complaints to ensure a
positive shopping experience.
Met and exceeded sales targets through effective sales techniques, upselling, and cross-selling.
Maintained in-depth product knowledge to assist customers and stay updated on new arrivals and
promotions.
Managed inventory by stocking shelves, conducting inventory checks, and processing shipments.
Collaborated with team members to support store operations and create a positive work
environment.
Implemented visual merchandising strategies to create attractive product displays and maintain store
appearance.
Demonstrated strong problem-solving skills, effectively resolving customer and operational issues.
Prioritized tasks and managed time efficiently to handle multiple customers and tasks simultaneously.
Adapted to changing store policies, procedures, and product offerings to maintain high performance.
 
PROJECTS  
 
Portfolio Generator | Client: Ausbizz Consultant | November 2023 – March 
Roles and responsibilities: 
Working as a full stack developer in an agile environment to develop a portfolio generator app. 
Working along with other Developers, BAs and Scrum master to understand the business requirement and delivery the project at the end of sprint. 
The project is deployed on an AWS cloud (https://portfolio.lvtpeople.com.au)--> this project was completed during bootcamp with Aus Bizz client.
Technologies in this application are React.js, Next.js 13, Adonis.js, Material UI, GitHub 
  
EDUCATION  
 
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, major in Software Development, minor in ICT| 6.21/7 | Victoria University | Sydney | 2024
Relevant Coursework: 
Cloud Computing, IT profession and ethics, Web Application and server management, Online Business system development, Project Management, cybersecurity, Programming(https://github.com/Sunil-paudel/some-py-project), Advanced web application development etc.
Victoria University projects:
Victoria university Scholarship | August 2021 - September 2021 | https://home4664741.wordpress.com 
Created a simple web application by choosing themes, having menus, and using navigation.
Shopping Cart Manager | May 2022 - June 2022 
Worked as a group of 2 to add, delete, sort and modify shopping cart using PHP, SQL.
Tic Tac Toe | Aug 2021 - September 2022
Develop a fully functional GUI application to play game tic tac toe using java for Object oriented programming.
Book Store in Salesforce | October 2022 - November 2022  
Individually developed a salesforce Book store to mange merchandise
Created and managed custom objects and fields in Force.com.
Developed a Book Store app with merchandise records.
Added Price and Quantity fields to Merchandise object.
Built an Invoice object with auto-numbering and status tracking. 
Nexen technology Web App | May 2023 - June 2023 
Used .net core MVC framework to create a crud app using Visual Studio
Used scaffolding, Identity, data migration, data seeding, traditional and modern routing, Slug, Identity, API connection.
Personal Assistant Chatbot (PAC) web App | August 2023 - November 2023 | https://superrchatbot.vercel.app 
Develop as a team of 3 using Nextjs, react, JavaScript, Next AUTH, MongoDB, nodemailer.
GUI application that allows user to create account, schedule appointment, display, notify and send reminder to user and check the weather and Used prompt engineering to let user choose any question or directly ask question related to PAC or to let user know about their appointment and weather of current location or imputed location and save all the data to the database.
A lot of brainstorming to discuss about the user story, the flow of application and how to ensure the UI compatible with many different devices.  
WiX Strathfield Health Hub | Feb 2023 - March 2023 | https://nakulthapa.wixsite.com/strathfieldhealthhub/
worked as a group of 2 people to create a website using Wix studio
University Mobile App |April 2022 - May 2022 
Worked as an individual to develop simple android Application using android studio for frontend and spring boot for backend.
Application allow user to create account, view detail information about courses.  
Used Json to seed and store data.  
Used features like authentication and recycle View to filter.  
Working Right: Full working right
References: Available on request.